I let that liquor drown my days now I'm
taking my last ride I paid the highest priz you can
pay I'm on my way to Potter's
field a first grade is where I'll be to rest
until the end of time for all
et welcome back it's the premiere of season five satanic
initiation and I am so glad to see you all I have the most dank tonight that
you can possibly get this is history's dank we have to go go in deep
tonight set your stomachs for queasy because I am going to bring you a doctor
and this doctor is gonna describe to you what it's like to become a bakic
initiate lovely that is coming tonight and we'll have a little bit of Chuck
with us as well good old bodair to bring us the theme of the saders thank you
thank you Chuck all tonight on satanic initiation lady
[Music]
Babylon tonight I want to start us off with a little bit of an announc
um I'm going to be working with Gnostic informant on some video productions and
I will bring to you A series um about the great Queen of the mystery the great
lady Babylon I'll be bringing those to you thanks to the power of the new art
and the school of the neoterics that's right we get to watch
the neoterics at work can we bring up the image one more
time can we bring that up chewy I love that image this is striking and
fantastic I just want to wet your appetite because you're about to find out about the
lineage of Almond's Muse you're about to find out the lineage fantastic let's get
tonight we're going to get deep we're going to get dirty where's my
whip I knew I had to bring you good stuff right so I've dug down deep I've
gone deep and we're going into the saders we're going to see exactly who they are and what they're doing and we
have a little film for you we have t we have tightened we have tightened the
psychological screws and now you've got the perfect
images we are bringing this subliminal Paradise tonight um chewy set us a
course for the first clip on the saders let them out let out the saders
[Music]
please [Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
who are they I want to bring up right now I just want us to get to our summoning we're necromancers we love it
today um want us to bring in erus capid doia we're going to the second century
right set the chronometer for the second century we're bringing in a physician let me just say this before we get busy
you cannot find this on YouTube
today you you are getting exclusive material you're getting the real stuff
I'm going to bring them to you I'm bring that ghost and I'm gonna shove that
depiction of that seder right in your face right in your face I want you to be
up close and personal I want you to smell it I want you to be able to smell
the foam on his lips you ever see a goat you ever see a goat
in that place of sasis you ever see a goat in that
place they get a little bit little bit of foam little bit of foam little bit of
foam and that foam says the doctor from the second century smells just like the
stuff that's on the lips of the saders the bin yeah those uncontrollable let's get
wait we're going to the initiation boom boom boom you can hear it right in the distance boom boom bo boom boom here we
go yeah let's go into it bring up the doctor bring up the doctor see what he
tells us tell us Mad Doctor I'll grab my text right here this is the only place
you can get this you know why because nobody nobody wants to teach this nobody
wants to talk about this nobody wants anything to do with it because there's no there's no scent of money on it right
it's just a let me put on my glasses by the way a lot of you like that okay here we go
this is um chapter 12 of his work on acute diseases right erus of capid doia
by the way for my students and thank you all for coming back look at the text here this is heavy
in the ionian heavy in the ionian really it's got some ionian stuff really it's a
little bit of kind of strange combos okay anyway let's take a look at it's
good though it's good pretty straightforward Pros right love it so
this is erus and that first line is on sasis right on sataras and what is sisis
well the first thing he tells us is the saders are the priests of dionis isn't
that nice and they're depicted always in the um painting and in the sculptures as
you know they're depicted with Oria idoya excuse me Oria idoya Ry what
is your idoya what is your idoya those are your
genitalia genitalia and how are their genitalia appearing Oria you know you go
get your teeth straightened and it's orthodon it's that straightening it's that tension he tells us there's a
tension boom Thea are tense okay that is your
seder your seder has that
tension excellent this is all theum balani says this is all this is all that
symbol right this is all that Quantum
undering of the universe right it's in the form of that
erection okay okay I I think I'm seeing that right remember boom boom boom off
in the distance right you hear the you hear them getting the instruments going
right get your stuff on board um by the way he tells us what the drugs are that
these people are using he tells us what they are I gotta tell you since we're on our way um you're going to see us
walking by some people that are naked Okay um they're covered on their
genitalia and their ples they're planes planes the land
between the obstructions is the plane do you
understand yes that's where you put that's where you put it yes that's where
the spasms are right right
um that land called the perineum have you been
to the cafe perineum
yeah do you know what it smells like there smells like fine fine
incense yeah yeah welcome to the saders let's go back
to the text what else is doc let's squeeze this DOC for all the information we can get out of them doc tell me
something about these patients me blow this up yeah tell me about these patients
doc he says the thing that they're in right is a
condition it's a condition most of his boy most of his patients are
boys okay younger boys right around
puberty it's the group that he's dealing with because they are working
initiations fantastic fantastic what does he say about sasis sasis is a whet it's an
Impulse that is ungovernable it's completely
uncontrollable it's an impulse and it always leads to Hom Leah
and you say what the saders are going to homia what is that that's Union
Union can it mean sexual intercourse yes does it mean sexual intercourse
yes it's the union okay thank you very much but he
says the problem is while they're in this
state even having intercourse course repeatedly body to body he says this you
know the doc is trying to tell us right give us the biological details doc he
says they can be body to body pounding right and still no
relief no relief still they have that
Ora that stretching that erect
yes now he says if this goes more than seven days you'll kill him you can't let
somebody go for seven days so if somebody comes you on day five right it's supposed to be over the initiation
is only three days right supposed to be done but it's not drugs haven't worn
off right I mean imagine having an erection for a
week what are they putting in this stuff doc
tell us what are they putting in this stuff they're putting in the plants that have the high
ayamine the atropine the ones that induce the
Scopolamine the ones that induce the madness oh is anybody surprised here
everybody here knows that already um but uh they're also using
some acacia they're using opium and they're doing this thing where
they cover the genitalia it's purple I don't know it's kind of like a
mask yeah yeah covers covers the area and the people who enter into the
Ecstasy tell us doc what kind of symptoms do we get when we're in bonic
ecstasy are you guys ready for this are you guys ready this is uh chew I hope you got I hope you got
a good picture for this yeah um when we in when we're about to enter
into the Visionary State we start spasming in our
genitalia and in that area that's just between the two obstructions it's the
Paran you know right in that area we get spasming and he says from the tip from
the or um will drizzle out it that's what it
says it's ik you know drizzle off drizzling drizzling of what
flagma material that is has an appearance it's
clear like perspiration and it drizzles out during
the spasm me right out of the
organs now you think I've been talking about just just men right or just
somebody with an erection right um but the text DC tells
us right he tells us um women have the same
effects without the true sasis yeah yeah and then he gets a
little bit negative he gets into a negative mode we have to tell him stop
stop right let's see what's going on he says
okay what does it do to your brain doc what does it do to your
brain Aus it's frbl
optic I'm sorry that was a little bit V
triloquist it's what
fapic it does what it breaks your
mind isn't that nice fapic there's a word for this why is
this even important because this is the process that they're entering into within the mystery
operation they are losing it they are losing it you have to lose it to be born
again again right you have to lose it okay so where are we so far with the
saders we're talking about days we're talking about taking drugs that cause
you to be to have sataras right we're talking about an age
group that's primarily according to this doctor pubertal
boys yeah and that it's involved with initiations
initiations okay okay I think I'm I think I'm
beginning to see a picture that's emerging let's see if the good doctor
has any has any um additional evidence um yeah yeah you know um they
can't they have some problems he said you know look when we put you through
this causes you to get what we call disordered speech so you're not going to
be able to communicate and it will bump up the
madness but what is he what did you say you're
dirty oh my goodness he says all that they can think of is um coming to
intercourse and they will just drop everything and all their clothing and
they got this giant sarasus going on and they'll just chase
you down just they just cannot be
controlled why you see why would we ever need one of these well
remember as the physician will tell you this is associated with
Addis Addis and the great mother this is frian remember this guy
is capid Doan BR right he's familiar with the games
from the frians he knows how it is he knows athetic cult he's got no problem
right this is new to you you think wow my God right no it's the same you know
it's the same thing okay so if you know if you have a great
mother and you got a stus
right and you initiate
Addis as only the great mother can
yeah you bring Attis to that place you know what they called dionis
first they called him dionis of the
semen yeah can we bring up that can we bring up Alice where's Alice we missed you
Alice for two weeks right I didn't I spent every day with you Alice I know
that I know that we have that thing going um hey here's the T here's the
title um H or H um is a as you'll notice here this is
hius he's a who you know who invited this guy that's okay hius is cool r have
a seat buddy here he is look he's what is he saying he's saying who is is who
it's sabazius right and then the bottom one h a is
Simile right coming from this
moisture right this is Simile this is Simile from the
moisture oh oh I'm starting to see it you're starting to see it show us um show us uh
this one I think it no it's not that it's this one check out this one guys who right an epithet of dianis yeah
right right the god of fertilizing moisture you didn't believe me you didn't believe me but look in this next
line oh just feel this one as we slide as we slide this one in just feel it Let
It Go in h Ates yeah doubtful meaning
doubtful meaning say the nerd Scholars who never get out yes don't worry don't
worry about it right um Okay so we've we've got
sabazius here we've got sasus fantastic now I want to give you a little film to
refill your mind with those images but in order to do that I'm GNA call up
Chuck Chuck come on Chuck I promise I'll beat Paul the Apostle with a horse whip
if you come up Chuck Chuck thank you God it's so nice to see you ladies and
gentlemen Charles
[Music]
bodair [Music]
thank you Chuck I appreciate that that's the perfect mood that brings us to her
right so we've got these saders and what are we going to do with them right what do you do with the pubertal kid who is
in a state of mania with an erection and
um that is what the great mother and her priestesses uh use as the raw material
for bringing a person from uh the immature to the
mature yeah from the child to the
adult an initiation co-mingled
with a death and resurrection and that Resurrection is
the satiric erection you know we're told it's the it
is the very heart of the god it's the
Earthly token that shows you have a connection
with the Divinity with the leader of the
mystery it's fantastic fantastic now let's go to her bring
on bring forward the text with media please I I just want to give you a quick
look at yep should be it oh here's one I want to start with this who is this guy
this is something pants I want to say messy pant no I don't know who this yeah
um paleo something paleologus or pathon
I don't remember did I write down his name he's not um I'll than it that's
rude of me I'm sorry that's rude of me to do an anci Source um but here he is he wrote a section on the I was like I
don't care what his name is right they didn't even know when he lived so okay here he is Mr P Dr P can you
tell us look at the top it's about media right Petty medas isn't that nice and so
um this is yeah this is about her abilities and turning the old to the
young and how she had this thing going where she didn't want to be recognized by the doctors right for what she was
doing isn't that neat oh wow she was doing indpendent stuff with drugs on
people on people fantastic and what does it say that she's doing it says that she
is um using the um incubations that are where they're fumigating you where
they're filling the place with a smog right and letting you sometimes you're
doing it on tents right sometimes it's just in the open air with a giant you
know uh barbecue like altar full of bricks of incense and it's just it's
like a you know somebody don't call the fire department right that kind of thing
you know what I mean but sometimes under a little tent too right ciens like to do that they were like w let's go under
tent everybody get a shower together right a shower of smoke
that's the city here's to the godess Sia right or scua is the Greeks call
it I like ortha much better that's what they call media that was her title CA
excellent excellent what happens here though um media gets involved with some
fumigations yeah and um drugs more drugs they talk about a couple of dyes yeah
she discovers there's certain colors um that can be used in a medicinal way
yeah has to do with the hair always putting it in the hair it's why they're finding it remember they're finding it
Minorca you guys in Minorca who to finding the hair with a dye on it thank you okay let's go to the next text
though this is the one okay this is what we've waited for we got to have something climactic here right here is a
text that I just want to yeah let's go ahead bring that up um this is Dior aulus right he just giving us some some
history here and it says we're going to I'm going to walk you through the process I'm just going to translate it
and I'm I'm going to walk you through the process of initiating via media this is what you do so they say that she
assembled an image of Artemus that was Hollow a hollow image of Artemis into
which she putas Faron she put
drugs of all sorts of powers yeah and then what does she do
she do you see that on the fourth line what are you looking at I promised you the first Christ I promised you the
first Christ look at the force line down second second word from the ending of that
line isn't that nice she christed herself she
christed herself did she anoint herself no no
why what's the difference um you go to the bath and you get anointed with
oil you get christed you start seeing stuff and what was that oh I'm sorry
what was that doc Arista um arus what was that oh you get what kind of
symptoms deep sis deep sis you get thirsty really
really thirsty m okay all right well that's a that's a
side effect right side effect that's why we carry wine around in jugs right get
thirsty I mean you know um okay so what is what does media do she builds this
image this adelon this statue that has an interior that's empty right and what
does she put in it a bunch of drugs and then christs herself to enter into mania
so that she can then take the idol take it down she can then take the idol throughout the city it says she walks
with the people and fumigates them and what happens it says that they get
enatic not in thetic but in thetic they get that goddess within and media says I
am here to pangel I am here to announce to you the good
news the good news of the
Christ uh what's your good news media I'm starting to
hallucinate my good news my good news is that Goddess that you see right there
being pulled by dragons she has come to bring you
salvation she does this and they're all like I'm
there I am totally there and they
sacrifice and they celebrate and it says that media is able
to so control the minds of the people there
that she then murders the king but she has her daugh the King's Daughters do it
gives them instructions oh my goodness how is she doing all this over and over and over
again with her drugs with her drugs she even has things that she's blowing
up yeah yeah remember she ruled Babylon she
ruled Babylon she buil that big tunnel under the Euphrates right is Media the first
Christ yes the very first
Christ she lives by the Four
Rivers what do we shout when we celebrate her
e e Eve we shout Eve and we keep Eve's
eyes open we keep them open yeah you see it's an on story but
the reality of your reality is that the
Mysteries Judaism Christianity
Islam the mysteries on which they're based were started by a
woman as a part of becoming the
savior they call her the SOA before there was ever a
savior who had a male
member there was a savior who
bled communion who bled communion isn't that
gorgeous that just that just it's it's so palasan it's so palasan and people are
going to tell you they're GNA talking about how far back does this go and where does it go Jesus
Christ is a part of a long
tradition of Rights and the corruption of those
rights yeah yeah we want to look back and we want to see what the original are
we can't get there without the saders if you can please in comments or in some
sort of uh you know communication that we can have with each other um just put it in the comments if you can if you can
tell me what it is that a group of drug
wielding women and where is this coming from this is Amazonian baby what kind of
women are these let's just paint a portrait of them real quick I mean come on how bad is that that's not a bad date
you know what I mean that's not a bad date we can paint a portrait of her she is one of these
cians she's one of these amazonians her breasts were both burnt
not one of them both of them you know seared when they're fairly soon after
they're born after they make it through that period of where they're not sure if they're going to make it or not put them
in the cold River and freeze them pull them out if they're Hardy enough to make it
good put them in the fire yeah take them through the ritual can they make it
through oh this one didn't make it what are these people doing did you and I are
born into a generation of untested you realize that right untested
when you're one of these Amazonian women you're not you don't have plans to get
married right you have plans to rule and to administer and to bring order and
Justice isn't that nice and to kill enemy you got to kill three of them before you can get you can get um into a
baby making partnership with a dude that we can
dispose of right when we're done or you can keep him and give him the baby he'll
raise it and right he'll raise the baby and if she gets to a certain age where
she can now compete be involved with horses and everything then we yeah we
bring her into society right yes are you afraid of this
woman I hope you are I hope everybody out there is afraid of this woman
because that's the woman they're talking about so you take a group of these women
okay and you give them a person who is coming through
puberty entering that budding the doctor says they're right at that point they walk around they're right at that point
of ejaculation of that completion it's a symbol of their life right they're right
at this bursting forward point right that's what hormones are horme is that
that Rush forward get you right that's hormones that's how hormones act they get you right and that's what
he's yeah I was kind of too much into the hormone thing chew sorry yeah when uh that's what's going
on right he says they're entering this thing this phase you got to realize this
group of women are doing something with that
initiate um [Music] and does it involve intercourse yes it
does just from the terminology they're using right definitely and that's why
the drug that they're using it has a it has an abor ofation in it right this is
not to get pregnant none of this is to get pregnant right this is
idolatry we are worshiping that image worshiping that image okay okay
does it feel more Pagan in here you feel a little bit okay okay write to me tell
me I'm fascinated what sort of education is this what sort of
transition what are the drugs doing in the brain right what are you bringing a
person into when you bring them through this initiation and do you want to be
running around with a group of women women who are known to kill and eat
people you ever had a cyan suck out your blood while you're dying they will hit you on the head cut
you cut you just open you and
devour oh my god
really where are these people right where are these people it's
because because you and I didn't get dunked in the river man if we' have gotten dunked in the river we'd had some of these people they had something going
in Antiquity it's gorgeous I love it okay what I'm working on for you I'm
gonna stop there tonight but what I'm working on for you is
bringing these images that we have from the Mysteries bringing them to you via
the most modern technology possible so that you can have an
experience via the images it's the new art this is the new art and everybody
get on board um so I'm going to show you
um that video before um satanic initiation I expect by next
Saturday uh it'll be finished next Friday excuse me and I will show that
first first I'll make that available first and then you know it's it'll be 30
minutes long uh 22 so 23 not very long at all but then I'll pop on and I'll
have a live bit and uh so that we can have some interaction I'd like your
opinion all of you art critics out there I would like your opinion you know
people to to be able to um give us some of their ideas you know
observations a giant virtual Round Table yes yes and in the meantime we will get
busy on bringing you the most clear
fresh unread unstudied and neglected and uncared for
and abused texts that will give you the picture of antiquity I think it's emerging now I
think it's emerging and this makes us just that much closer to answering the
question of why we're all here the question is why was Jesus
arrested at 400 am with a naked boy what
is that all about I've got more pirates for you this season lots of child trafficking for us
to consider lots more drug use lots more drug use when I saw him I got to tell
you this and you guys love this I know so I'm gonna tell you when when they were rubbing
on the um you know the stuff that you
put in there when they were doing that um I couldn't help but notice I couldn't
help but notice that that person who was being
initiated was in a medical environment suddenly things became
medical yeah flu a little bit too close to a star there um watch out you're
going to hit a supernova next time uh where were we hey we were here with the
drugs and the and the Mystery I want for us to be able to perpetuate this thing that we've been
doing where we open up that seam and we see the reality so I'm going to keep bringing you these filthy dirty texts
from Antiquity I'm G to read you the real stuff a lot of it may make you a little bit queasy
but that's what it's all about you know getting into that murder scene that's
what it's all about we're there with Jesus we're there with that naked kid that he was rested with
we're going down you a Sader Jesus you got that stuff on board that gives you the thirst yeah I know you know what
they were doing they do this they do this because they get itchy and
Twitchy yeah love it fantastic I look forward to seeing you guys Wednesday and
uh thank you for coming back tonight I truly appreciate it and I'm going to put a ton of work in this so that I can
justify taking up your precious time thank you again and hail
[Music] Satan for [Music] [Applause]
et poor old mother won't know where I
am can't bring no flowers to me on
Sunday it's going to break her heart not what became